displayDamage             = true
critMultipliers           = true
quickBuy                  = true
autoItemTooltips          = true
extraRollovers            = true
lockItemPickup            = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
mapZoom                   = 40
importedCharacters        = false
targetOutline             = true
lockMapRotation           = false
cameraShake               = false
gore                      = false
questwidgetopen           = true
corpsePersistence         = 0
blood                     = 1
tutorialTips              = false
reportStats               = 2
targetLock                = false
inactiveUpdateRate        = 1
cloudSaving               = false
gamepadSupport            = false
breakingMoveTo            = true
classicCasting            = false
textureQuality            = high
shadowQuality             = high
shadows                   = true
weatherQuality            = high
weatherEnabled            = true
depthOfField              = false
softParticles             = false
reflectionQuality         = high
detailLevel               = ultra
resolution                = 1920 1080
refreshRate               = 120 1
windowPosition            = 0 0
antiAliasing              = 2
anisotropicFiltering      = 8
screenMode                = 0
syncToRefresh             = true
tripleBuffer              = true
detailObjects             = true
advancedEffects           = false
brightness                = 0.5
contrast                  = 0.5
gamma                     = 0.5
fxQuality                 = medium
lightingQuality           = medium
uiScale                   = 0.5
device                    = 0
colorblind                = 0
alphatocoverage           = false
ambientocclusion          = false
masterVolume              = 1
musicVolume               = 0.125654
effectsVolume             = 1
ambientVolume             = 1
dialogVolume              = 1
rockOn                    = false
speakerType               = 1
soundDevice               = 0
networkAdapter            = ""
networkMTU                = 1400
UPnPEnable                = true
language                  = "English"
datapath                  = ""
developer                 = true
forceSingleProcessorMode  = false
maxResourceThreads        = 1
skipCompatibilityChecks   = false
useArchives               = true
